Allow cred/authorization header CORS (#101)
iver-wharf/wharf-api: CHANGELOG.md

## v5.0.0 (WIP)

- Enables setting specific origins for CORS via the
  WHARF_HTTP_CORS_ALLOWORIGINS environment variable. This is to make sending

>   `Authorization` headers possible. (#101)

Reviewer: Could you place this note below the "BREAKING" notes? I think they should be highest as they're the most important

> - Enables setting specific origins for CORS via the
>   WHARF_HTTP_CORS_ALLOWORIGINS environment variable. This is to make sending
>   `Authorization` headers possible. (#101)
> 

Reviewer: Suggest rephrasing this to begin with "Added", perhaps also copy the format used in some other logs, such as:

> ```md
> - Added configuration for Sqlite file path, environment variable `WHARF_DB_PATH`
>   or the YAML key `db.path`. Defaults to `wharf-api.db`. (#86)
> ```

```suggestion
- Added configuration of specific origins for CORS via the environment variable
  `WHARF_HTTP_CORS_ALLOWORIGINS` or the YAML key `http.cors.allowOrigins`. This
  is to make sending `Authorization` headers possible. (#101)
```
